A group of young women in the middle of the night on a busy downtown street is posted on the Internet
Was
The woman who is packing up in a humble appearance when you see the picture of youtube ranks 12th
It was around 11:00 pm on June 2nd that it was witnessed the strange air cooling that the whole thing happened
Old Shinjuku Koma Theater before normal but this population of Kabukicho slipped drink fellow Is the Meiji University
Teach consciousness at the end of Yeosu
And there was no reaction in 100 polices, and about 10% terrible 12 students in the hospital
It seems that the corpse of the police was treated too crowded
The university will conduct interviews with these students
Hmm
If you look in here it is doing found that use of the capsule is a twitter
We were using the day of Meiji University population drowning incident paper the vitas
What such the one established for the reverse Festival processing, etc.
Ah
It was talked about with twitter etc, but come here
There has been significant progress in salt water incident at Meiji University population
A newly toward the earth of this time
ast capsule was ordered
There was a story that members were using it later
It is clear that I was twitter
Spicy rice cutlet
One piece slip and strand
Spiritus is one of the countries that originate in Poland and is the world's highest in 2011
There is another mall dos fore sake
It is 95 to 96 by repeating the tide more than 70 times
Known as alcohol
This time further using this Spirits
I bought a drug or came and I was a fairy
Because it is the contents which it is contents which is not coming insects return home
Hmm
It can be inserted Boi t when it becomes the representative of the public is
Arrested people will not appear one after another this time
Even if it became topic until now, it was calming down immediately, but this beige university group drunken incident phosphorus
As there is clearly a strange change in the sound , it is decided that this kind of information of the police is firmly
Is what you want to the punishment accordingly should, if fact investigating
This time, the Spiritual Suppository of Meiji University massacre incident
Everyone's on What do you think of the fall of the comment will wait opinion of you
The details of this acquisition are being published in the taste news bulletin Lev
Please, click on the url of the summary under the upper-left corner of the link source
Lastly please subscribe
From the upper right corner of the linked content
Please register
pon